[Megumi] What? You're
going to quit modeling?
[Yamato] Yeah.
[Megumi] Why?
Because I was making Mei sad.
I made her feel uncertain
about all sorts of things.
But you're just getting
started, Yamato.
I was never in a rush to try it.
And Mei's feelings are
far more important.
That's it. I'm done
with modeling.
Ah, aw, come on, Yamato.
Are you really gonna quit just
because of your girlfriend?
When it comes to the
people in your life
that you really love...
All of the petty things
that you wanted just stop
being important to you.
You're not acting like a
prince at all, you know that.
I was never a prince, okay.
And Mei is the only
admirer I'll ever need.
I see you fixed
your bracelet, nice.
So, you wanna go home together?
[Asami] Mei-chan...
Are you okay?
You looked kind of
depressed yesterday.
Oh, Asami-chan.
Sorry for making
you worry so much.
Did you talk to Yamato yet?
Yes.
Then it should be fine.
That's awesome!
No, you guys are the
ones who are awesome.
I can't... thank you enough.
Mei-chan...
Well, we'll always
be there for you if
something else comes up
with you and Yamato, okay?
[Megumi] Hey, Asami-chan!
Do you want to come hang out
at the studio with me today?
I'm having a shoot
with Ami-chan,
the amateur model
you wanted to meet.
Asami-chan, I'll
introduce you to her.
[Asami] Uh, yeah, but...
Don't you have plans
with Nakanishi today?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, Megu-tan.
Oh, that's fine.
We'll try doing it
again some other time.
Hey, Nao-chan. I'm seeing
Ami-chan the model today.
Do you want to come with me?
[The conversation between Nao
and Megumi continues]
That girl... is always dangling
bait in front of people.
Uh, I'm really sure she's
trying to do that, Aiko-chan.
Is she mad at you or something?
Miss Hyper-perky was
definitely trying to avoid
eye contact with you.
[Mei] I wonder if Megumi-san...
I guess she has
feelings for Yamato.
But I...
I do too.
Anyway, we were talking about
how we wouldn't have as much
time to see each during
finals, so we just decided
it'd be better if we
studied together.
That's awesome.
[Nakanishi] Isn't it? Isn't it?
[Megumi] Why isn't it me?
Why?
[Yamato] Did you have any
trouble fixing the bracelet?
[Mei] A little.
[Yamato] But you fixed it.
[Mei] Whenever I wear this,
I feel like you'll
always be by my side.
That we'll always be together.
It's like telling me
that I'm not alone.
Later.
We're already at the bakery?
Man, that sure was quick.
Oh, I've got an idea.
There's something I want
to buy in this area.
Would it be all right if I
waited for you to finish work?
Mmhmm.
[Masahi] Yamato!
[Yamato] Hey.
We're about to go to karaoke.
You wanna come with us?
Sorry, I've got
some shopping to do.
Where's Tachibana?
At work.
What are you shopping for?
Well... It's kinda,
well. One of those...
Turning red, bud.
Come on, let's go.
Say "hi" to Mei for me.
[Yamato] Sure.
About yesterday, Aiko.
Thanks for the help.
[Aiko] Sure thing.
What was yesterday?
[Aiko] Nothing. Come on.
Come oooon! Tell me!
Hey, Aiko. Hey, come on.
You're a pain in the ass,
let's go already. God.
Welcome to Bakery Farm. Huh?
[Lady] It's the big boy.
Welcome. Thanks
for coming again.
Hey.
Still got an hour left.
[Kai] I'd like these.
Thank you very much.
If I could, I'd also
like to get that...
You can't have it.
I know. I was just...
pulling your leg again, really.
You really like Land,
don't you, Takemura?
Nothing makes me happier.
There's something
I need to ask you.
You do know about the jinx
on that magic key, right?
What jinx?
You're saying you
really don't know?!
And you're still
wearing that thing?!
Yes, I am.
Okay. See the ring on
the side of the key?
If you write your wish
on a yellow ribbon and
tie it on there,
it's suppose to come true.
If a couple attaches
matching ribbons,
they say their love
will last forever.
Okay, you have a boyfriend.
You're so honest,
it's really cute.
[Lady] Mei-chan, you should have
told me you had a boyfriend.
You're such a secretive girl.
I'm sorry.
You're really interesting,
you know that?
Good work.
Sorry for making you wait.
[Yamato] It's okay.
When I was modeling,
I made you wait for me a lot.
It's okay, really.
I'm still sorry.
It's fine.
[Mei] Oh, what
should I talk about?
I should have a lot to say...
There's a lot I want to say,
but the words never seem to
come out at times like this.
What?
I was just thinking
the same thing.
I see.
[Yamato] Man... We got
here too fast again.
[Mei] Yeah.
You know, it's times like
this when I wish you
lived farther away,
about three days
away would be good.
No, I don't really think so.
Okay.
[Mei] Why don't you come
in and use our dryer?
[Yamato] Huh?
[Mei] Your coat and
shirt... they're soaked.
Oh...
Sorry, but nothing me and
my mom have will fit you.
Uh, no. It's fine. I'm not cold.
If anything, I'm totally
sweating over here.
Your face is red.
So is yours.
Thanks a lot. For taking care
of your bracelet, I mean.
I'm glad to.
Here.
These will never break.
Go ahead.
That's what I was shopping
for, pair rings.
[Mei] You have one
too, Kurosawa?
[Yamato] Kurosawa? Still?
I've actually wanted to call
you Yamato for a while now.
I wanted you to
call me that, too.
I told you that I won't mind it.
Today, I... I guess I'm
just nervous about it.
[Yamato] Me, too.
Sorry.
I just want to stay like this.
[Mei sniffs Yamato]
[Mei] I really like
your smell...
[Yamato] Mei!
[Crashing sounds]
[Ms. Tachibana] I'm home!
Mei?
Help me get dinner ready.
[Ms. Tachibana] Of course
I'd have no make up on
at a time like this.
I'm so sorry.
[Yamato] No, I shouldn't be in
your house with no shirt on.
[Ms. Tachibana] It's fine.
Make yourself at home.
No, uh... I'm sorry.
You don't really
need to apologize.
But...
So tell me.
You're Mei's boyfriend,
is that right?
Yes. Sorry about that...
[Ms. Tachibana] Mei, sounds like
your boyfriend is embarassed.
Wow, I'm sorry, darling.
She's always like this at home.
Is she this quiet
and shy at school?
[Mei] Mom!
[Yamato] N-no. No.
Mei is... I mean, Mei-sama,
is strong and charming.
I-I really respect her a lot.
Okay, aren't you exaggerating?
Mei-sama doesn't bow
to peer pressure.
She's always sure of herself,
but she's still thoughtful
and kind to other people.
She's wonderful, ma'am.
Really? That's the first time
anyone's said that about her.
She's always been all
of those things.
Kind, respectful, and
considerate, ever
since she was little.
I've been spending a lot
of time wondering if
anyone else would see it.
That's so sweet of you.
Mom...
Oh my, I'm getting misty.
[Marshmallow meows]
[Yamato] Marshmallow,
good to see you again.
[Ms. Tachibana] Thank you.
I'm glad you met my daughter.
[Yamato] Thank you.
She's wonderful.
[Marshmallow meows loudly]
[Mei] Yamato.
Huh?
[Mei] Thanks.
[Yamato] Huh?
That's the first time I've seen
my mother look so at
ease around somebody.
It's all because of you.
Thanks a lot.
Mei...
[Asami] Mei-chan!
Hang on just one minute!
Is that a pair ring I see?
[Mei] Yes.
Yamato bought it
for you, didn't he?
Ye... Yes.
[Asami] That is so
amazing! Congratulations!
It's not...
[Aiko] It's not an
engagement ring.
I bet you're really
happy though.
Oh, Mei-chan, that
is so awesome!
Uh... Yes.
Anyway, the cafe's owner and
my agency's manager were
friends back in the day.
What? Really?
That's crazy.
[Megumi] They said I could
stop by any time I like.
[Girl] That's amazing.
[Megumi] Let's all
go together sometime.
[Girl] Seriously?
[Mei] So... I finally
started calling him Yamato.
Even if it rains...
Or if it's sunny...
Even when the winter wind
blows, and it grows cold...
I spend my days peacefully
with Yamato and my friends.
I never would have imagined...
That I could spend my
days... like this.
[Kai] Hey, Yamato.
Huh?
Hey.
Remember me? It's
Kai. Kai Takemura.
[Teacher] Hey, Takemura!
I told you to come to
the faculty office!
Yeah! Be right there.
So Yamato's your boyfriend?
See you later, Yamato.
Yeah.
I heard there was a rumor
going around, but...
Takemura-kun really
is back in school.
[Aiko] You know him?
[Asami] We knew him
in middle school,
right, Yamato?
Yeah.
That was unexpected. I'm
seriously surprised that
Kai transferred back
here for school.
And a year below us, too.
Is he your friend?
Well... he might not
think I am anymore.
I told you before.
In middle school, my best friend
was teased and tortured
by some pretty bad guys.
I... talked to him when I
wasn't risking a butt-kicking
of my own for doing it.
I couldn't help. He
ended up transferring.
That's him, alright.
He's gotten big. I mean huge.
I don't think anyone's
gonna bully him now.
[Mei] He likes Land, apparently.
Huh? It's kind of strange, but
where do you know Takemura from?
He's been dropping by
the Bakery Farm a lot.
He likes sweets, huh?
Mhm.
[Mei] Well, see you tomorrow.
Okay. Work hard.
Hey.
[Mei] Welcome back.
Good to see ya. Senpai,
they finally finished
my transfer paperwork.
You were classmates with
Yamato, weren't you?
Yeah, we were. I guess he
told you about the bullying.
Well, he told me...
about how he had to pretend
he didn't notice what was
happening to you.
Well that's about to change.
Me? I'm coming back to get
my revenge on all of 'em.
And that's a fact.
I took a year off to get
bigger. Got taller too.
The fights are gonna be epic.
[Mei] What you're planning...
Isn't that the same as what
those guys did to you?
Is bullying them really
going to change anything?
Just what will that help?
[Kai] I wouldn't expect
you to understand.
You haven't been bullied before.
Yes I have. I've been bullied.
And I've only recently
started to meet people I
could count on as friends.
It hurt, but I got past it.
I know I'd be happier if the
people who used to bully me
took the time to get to know
me for who I am now instead.
[Kai] That might work for
you, but the guys who hurt
me only understand force.
And I'll give it to them.
[Mei] Um...
Would you like this?
They gave me this,
but I really don't eat
that many sweets myself.
I know you're always buying
glazed and cream filled
snacks from the bakery.
So I thought you might
really enjoy it and
want to give it a try.
Thanks. Later.
[Kai panicking]
[Kai yelling]
[Kai] No!
They'll see. They'll be the
ones screaming for me to stop.
[Kai] He's kind of tall.
Pretty scary lookin'.
He's got a few acne scars
and a mole near his mouth.
That's him.
That's gotta be him.
This is it, you son of a bitch.
Look me in the eye so I can
get a good shot at your face.
[Kai] Hey...
Excuse me.
Hey, wait! Hey!
It's me, Takemura!
[Kai] He didn't notice?
The hell?
He actually forgot that
he used to bully me...
Was I really that
insignificant?
You gotta be kidding me.
I wasted a year of my
life waiting for this?
[Mei] Even if you beat them,
it's not gonna change anything.
[Yamato] Kai...
Hey. You here to meet
your girlfriend?
Yeah.
Mei Tachibana, from the bakery.
Yanno...
I think... I probably...
Like that girlfriend of yours.
Behind closed doors with
Yamato, I was so nervous.
I'm kind of relieved and
disappointed that my mom
came home when she did.
Honored Mother, you came home
at just the right time to save
Mei and her precious honor!
Good job, meow!